[MUSIC]
>> Scott Moss: If you go to step 3.
>> Scott Moss: Check out step 3.
Boom and what you're going to be
doing is creating a component.
So if you look in the components folder.
There is a blog folder and it's got like
some stuff that's kind of filtered out.
So that's kind of not filtered out but
tons of instructions,
tons of CSS stuff going on here.
What you need to do is just follow
the instructions, really what you're gonna
do is just putting the pieces
together to finish this component and
you can look back to home to kind of
figure out what's going on because I
changed home to match this new formats.
If you go at the home component out,
it's not what we just had on step 2.
It's a completely different format,
completely changed it to what
you're going to use in for blog.
So use that as a reference to help
you because home.js is like pretty
much exactly where you're gonna be doing.
So you need to make the block component.
There's some instructions in there,
some to do.
So if you run the command, the to do's
will print out on the command line for
you and you can see what's going on but
ultimately what you should see when you're
done is
>> Scott Moss: Something like this.
Let's see.
Tell me what this looks like.
So I think the cat's on,
that's why I had that cat.
Yeah, I remember now.
So now if you come look at this thing,
you should see.
So this will be your home, I made this for
you, so don't worry about this.
You'll see this already and then if you
click on blog you'll see these cats.
All right, so this is what you see.
These things,
they shouldn't do anything yet.
But you see cats, you hover over cats,
and they'll like zoom in, or whatever.
Right, so this is what you
should see when you're done.
Cool.